hey i am mark of motorcycle clothing center
TV and in this video I tell you
more about i charming is available at
motorcycle clothing center punt nl
motorcycle clothing center the specialist
motorcycle clothing
We last my fish is a special
motivations made from buffalo leather
equipped with stitching that and a
diamond pattern giving the jacket again
gets a unique appearance and buffalo leather
has the feature that it is there anyway
behave in the short term
so that everyone's jacket looks different again
provided with CE approved protection on the
shoulders and on the elbow and see here
we also check the checkered pattern in the jacket
stitched
the back is provided with the jacket
it and energy absorbing foam panel me
See that he's a little behind it too
becomes longer as you bend over and over
you put on a little putty ratio
also keep a good overlap with the
we see a pair of pants from the side
band with which we tighten the jacket around the pants
can put we have mini
combined with the richa kevlar jeans
most people will carry him with him
jeans or once versions but you
could also hold it and the back
has been a matching
misha pants sexy or leather pants
in terms of designers who made for the naked
bike riders kissed me driving soft shop
I am looking for another rice
guests just a simple black jacket
I show you the light brown color
provided with bags
side pockets on the top and also on
the side have large pockets
can take a lot of things with them
Berflo es quite smoothly
if a meter 82 longer weigh 80 kilos
year is size 50
keep in mind that such a jacket for sure
half a month can not stretch on the
places where it is tight is also one
thermo lining and terms terms
body warmer in that can get out so keep it there
also note that if it goes out
that you already get more space, she may
empire is quite tight
on the inside we see the
removable thermal lining
he is also a nice finish with
have a pattern and here
pockets and also on the inside
We actually always pack bags where you
enough to take with you
is now under 15 or 20 degrees
zippers the terms formation and can you
actually still great inside
again great documents matter where you
enough to take with you
would you like more information about the icmm fish?
if you order this as please click on the
bar on screen
thanks for looking and see you
next video